Issue/12 UI part to report (#13)
teamulster2/report: report/03_methodology/report.md

# Methodology

This section deals with the development process and how the project
topic was approached, as well as the decisions made in relation to the
programming languages and environments.

Furthermore, we deal with the architecture of the application, that is
divided into stand-alone client area and a server architecture. The data
exchange and export plays an important role here, which is also
discussed in this chapter and later in the implementation part of the
report.

## Project management

Overall, the project took place within five weeks and five participants
who worked full time on the project. The decisions in the area of
project management are described in more detail below.

> 

Reviewer: perhaps add here something like that:

Each team member was assigned a role for which he was responsible. The roles were e.g. 'Git responsible', 'Moderator' or 'Scrum master'.

### Agile project development with scrum

The project management method SCRUM in a simplified version was chosen
for the project. This had the advantage that, on the one hand,
programming was agile under certain rules, on the other hand some times
and some overhead were reduced.

The Daily Scrum Meeting was an important part of the daily routine,
which was occasionally expanded to talk about the current status and
follow up on the relevant issues. Due to the limited project time of
five weeks, it was decided against the use of sprints and the additional
overhead.

A retrospective meeting was also held once a week, which should contain
the current problems and suggestions for improvement, but also positive
aspects of the project. That helped the project flow and the
satisfaction of the participants.

### Open Source Software

The soTired project emerged as a university project in which all
participants decided to implement an open source solution. This means
that both, so the client application code and the server code are

> publicly available under the license \* insert license here \*. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
publicly available under the license GNU Affero General Public License v3.0. This
```
